Started at Revision 546


vehicle armor.txt--> absorbant armor description-> "This allows the armor reduce damage received as a projectile's speed increases" --->> "This allows the armor to reduce damage received as a projectile's speed increases"

research_items.txt--> 

reactor based vehicle engine ---> a reactor based vehicle engine

ER canon:			"Access manufacturing process for longer bore cannons with farther range." farther changed to further

plasma canon projectile:  Utilize the knowledge gained from superheated matter physics--> Utilize the knowledge gained from superheated material physics

chemistry: ,powerful missile warhead --> a powerful missile warhead

upgraded grenades: Improve the explosive power of vehicle grenades --> Improves the explosive power of vehicle grenades and extends their range


advanced chassis: gain newer vehicle chassis types-->Research the required chassis improvements for the Heavy Tank

advanced machining:  Gain access to improve armor material and a more powerful engine design.powerful engine design.-->Gain access to an improved armor material and a more powerful engine design.

tracking systems: Gain access tracking systems used in missiles. --> Gain access to the tracking systems used in missiles.
regenerative armor: Gain access armor that is able to manufacture replacement material and restore areas that have been damaged or destroyed.-->Gain access to armor that is able to manufacture replacement material and restore areas that have been damaged or destroyed.

superheated material physics: Study the properties of matter as they are heated to plasma like levels-->Study the properties of matter as it is heated to plasma like levels

improved flagration compounds: Increases power of bullets by increasing the stored energy of a bullet's propellant chemical compound. --> increases the power of bullets by increasing the stored energy of a bullet's propellant chemical compund



Revision 549 changes:


vehicle armor.txt-->

Absorbant armor: Absorbant armor is engineered with strong materials able to undergo excessive plastic deformation. ---> Absorbant armor is engineered with strong materials which are able to undergo excessive plastic deformation.

vehicle weapons.txt-->

Bio mg: A small machine gun that fires bullets infectious material to do continual damage to a target---> A small machine gun that fires bullets containing infectious material to do continual damage to a target

upgraded grenade launcher: It is upgraded for more damage and farther range. --> farther changed to longer

ranged cannon: A small caliber cannon that fires tank shells.  Its barrel is enhanced for farther distances -->A small caliber cannon that fires tank  shells. Its barrel is enhanced for longer ranges

salvo ml launcher: A missile launcher with no homing capabilities but can fire its payload of four missiles in one shot before reloading.--> ...capabliities but it can fire its payload...

homing missile launcher (and upgraded homing missile): A missile launcher which fires a single missile that home in on the locked on target.--> ... that homes in on the...

medium artillery cannon: An artillery cannon with high damage but low reload times. Has a greater range than the small cannon and two extra ammo magazines. ----> It has a greater range...

ranged artillery cannon: An artillery cannon with high damage but low reload times.  Has farthest range of all artillery cannons. ---> It has the furthest range...

